{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red184\green14\blue61;
\red184\green14\blue61;\red27\green29\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green63\blue63;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c78039\c14510\c30588;
\cssrgb\c78039\c14510\c30588;\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c31373\c31373\c31373;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx6010\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf0 // py3Env is activated. We are in the .../python_stack/my_environments path\
\
1) pip install Django==1.11.9\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  -> Django package version 1.11.9 is installed in the environment py3Env\
\
2) pip list (or pip3 list) -> list the packages used in the environment py3Env. The  packages listed are: Django, pip, putz and setup tools\
\
3) deactivate -> desactivate py3Env \
\
4) pip3 list -> list the packages used by the whole system (computer). The packages listed are: pip, setup tools, wheel\
\
5) source myEnvironments/py3Env/bin/activate -> environment py3Env is once again activated\
\
6) pip install Django==1.11.9 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 -> Django package version 1.11.9 is tried to be installed again. Terminal output shows that the package is already installed in the environment and requirements are already satisfied\
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
7) pip freeze -> 
\f1\fs30 \cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 list installed packages that are required for running the environment\

\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx6010\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 // Now we move to the Desktop Folder using the command 
\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 (
\f0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 cd ~/Desktop
\f2\b\fs28 \strokec8 ). 
\f0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The py3Env is still active\

\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8  
\f0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx6010\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8) pip freeze > requirements.txt -> export the details of the required environments on a .txt file, so later someone can use that file to install those packages in other platform or environment\
\
9) ls -> the folders and files inside the Desktop folder are listed. A new file \
Called requirements.txt appear. Inside the file it can be checked that the the required packages for py3Env are listed.\
\
10) pip uninstall Django -> Django package is installed from the environment\
\
11) pip show Django -> shows information about Django package. In this case there is no output on the terminal because Django package was uninstalled\
\
12) pip search Flask
\f2\fs28 \strokec8 \'a0-> 
\f0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 allows to search a specific version of a PyPI package entering the name or some info about it.}